Hello back here and she sees here we have a black screen
Today is Kreil Last Kley we might get a title on the internet
Today I have a completely different idea of ​​good yet not knowing
me a fox
Kalou
and we are dreaming of this today in EUR because it is something very special
such we come to light today
supplied here
yes we want new users in the Cité Oehrlein
and our every tourist a Muki contest where he has the opportunity
Abbot of Pierre wanted to go are Jonas MCB
and then of course still new Arias stayed away
and IDS Walters for you at this contest porten
and for that now they are also informing you about their Knaur
just the protector comes that the operator and scars
the first round is that they finally get on you so roller coaster track
with help
because it's just about the track do not drum the topics or anything like that
really just track built
in the second round you will then choose three different routes for us
represents three different attractions Staton got given
you then against the expensive Haasis opposite
and then kick the third round, then everything is rolled together Turba
he could place me in a u already exist second partner to year pattern
sat down and picked on Friday
there will be released and in this part of the animals at Euro Aigle theme area
Rheinberg
So her own more is enough Emil Boc 2008
the whole is rated after the system 4 4
we are looking for all submissions then the 3
best from Trier or
and these three best will be data
For election then you can on YouTube
and sporty as Jörg are then by vote
the Tigers best chosen
and yellow first then gets that all pumps currently also without kicking
and while most points has glasses after three rounds of the contest
as a price we thought that here around us as
Quotes professionals are thick black quotes
so that you all beginners
make a compass when I think like Raschke Contest a choir rehearsal
Consolidated profit pleasing then goes with us whether all four are now or only
two or three test opponents then
together a brake or that a rollercoaster
and to say that that's really a really big win for you too
very soon to learn a lot September is about to resign
and that's why you should be interested in rc2 Autumn
and here's the idea of ​​expanding with us together Detlef that too
maybe not quite like that
may be different and that, of course, the altherr kilo price for
the 7th
Euro mediated but still made a video while doing things quite famous
and instantly gets thousands of friend requests
Germ uncomplicated
Groupies topped
Munich
So I hope you have it wins the opportunity
We would be happy if we have as many people as possible
join in it's not in the SPD so you have to ESET clock surcharge
to bring an extension through the players
neither are the successes that comes naturally then
after he has more episodes
yes maybe we can do that to you
make better players
Holtwick Olga 9 so I hope we see each other
when other castle orders
when it starts
TuS losers
We will start at the earliest in mid-March because that's easy with ours
Examining the accident would be little different because success has no time
you supported so extensively by Assad through this
extensively but then I am the holistic because embarrassed or embarrassed
Merchants write me but no one can say it was cheese too
So it'll go by train
and you can think until then whether he wants to join in or not me
I hope he does
and the exact calvados data kicker then inside again
The little video Ricco Steinle will definitely write the offer
world
deal with it accordingly so that the judges also and today
apparently he is there